(strumming guitar music)
- There's a Mustang.
There's some pickup truck cabs.
Oh yeah, there's some stuff there.
'57 Ford. Some kind of convertible.
Oh yeah!
This is all a result
of talking to a guy
while we're eating lunch.
We were having lunch at a deli.
This is the fourth location
that he's turned us on to.
We had no idea who he was and
look at another Starliner.
A '60 Starliner.
So Tom Cross doesn't know about this.
I gotta check this out.
(lively music)
Pretty good stuff here.
We wouldn't even know about this
if we hadn't talked to that guy at lunch.
I called him up last night and thanked him
and I'm gonna do it again today.
But now we're gonna go see a guy
who we heard about yesterday.
We made an appointment to
go back and visit today.
Boy, these roads are rough.
And this is where our
first stop's gonna be.
So what we try to do in the show,
give people encouragement
that there's still old cars to be found.
Well, let's see what
you have if that's okay.
- Well, we can work inside
or we can start outside.
Yeah, I got a '47 International pickup,
firetruck.
- Wow, this is quite a building.
Holy mackerel.
Is this where you live when
your wife kicks you out?
- Oh yeah. No, I live in the house.
(laughs)
It's still a work in progress,
But I have a upstairs loft with
just a place to gather and everything.
Pool table, bar,
work out place over here on this side.
But right now it's full of junk.
You know how it is.
And I'm still working on it
day by day you know how it goes.
- So tell me about this fire truck
- It's a '47 International.
We go to car shows and stuff.
We don't have anywhere to sit
and eat except for in chairs
so I'm gonna make a bar
over on that side there with
some stools, swivel stools
that way I have a place
I'm gonna put umbrellas on it
and all that, but it's still
gonna look like a fire truck.
It's actually an '85 Ford
E-350 ambulance chassis.
So the engine bay and
everything offset in there
which worked out good
because of the power
breaks and everything.
- So is it diesel?
- It's gotta 464 in it.
- Geez.
- Yeah.
- So it's automatic,
a big block with automatic power steering.
- Yup.
- In the fact that the
engine's offset makes this
- Made it easier
- brake
- for the power brake booster
- booster.
- and everything.
- It worked out great.
- Of course you know I
hadda build the firewall
and everything because
it had sinken into it.
But I still got plenty of
leg room and everything
as far as how I built it anyways so.
- Yup.
- But you know I'm trying to fix up
the inside a little bit
(Tom laughs)
- That's cool, man.
- And this roads tires
- Did you build this?
- Yes.
A friend of mine had it.
- I'm looking at this.
I'm looking at this.
That's pretty cool stuff connecting rods.
- Well, this is where
they chopped the top at.
I didn't do the chop.
It's kind of rough and everything
and I wanted a way to kind of mask it.
- So that's your idea?
- That's my idea.
I just used some copper wire.
I stripped the insulation off of it
and I just weaved it in and out of it.
- Man.
- It's a tool theme.
We work in oil field around here.
I got a tool theme on it.
I got all kinds of tools. Sockets.
- Alright. So I saw the
stuff in your backyard.
- Yeah, let's go to the backyard.
We can check that out for sure.
- So we're going to see Roland's tomorrow.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Mustang guy.
And then you got a guy
right on the corner,
right behind you here?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- With some Mustangs?
I haven't talked to him yet
- So out here I've got
of course we have the
old chassis for that '63.
That belongs to a friend of mine.
And I got an old T-Bucket here.
I guess about a '26.
It's in real rough shape.
Got a frame for it and everything.
It's gonna be a true rat rod.
I got a little V6 came out
of an S10 I wanna put in it.
- So you're going to build this?
- Yeah, eventually.
- Alright. So that's not a T frame though.
That's not a Ford frame.
- The bottom one innit.
This one is. It's original to the--
- This one.
- Yeah, and that ones not.
It's a home-made frame.
- But this ones not.
Because Ford never had steering like that.
- Really?
- They never had leaf spring.
That could be a Chevy frame.
That ain't a Ford frame.
- They told me it was a--
- A Ford frame woulda hadda
a leaf spring running across the side
and bolting underneath here.
- Cool. Good to know.
- But what difference it make?
A rat rod this...
- Got a '53 model Plymouth Cambridge.
Got a flat-head six in it
It actually runs.
- Oh really?
- To be honest with ya.
But I've had it so long,
it's just sittin' out here.
I paid a thousand dollars for that car.
I hadn't never done anything with it.
I've had it for over two years
and just been sittin' here.
Everything's still six volt.
- I wonder if you can
just make it road legal
the way it is.
- Yeah, you can.
- You'd get a lot of
attention at the car show.
- I actually have a van over here
that I was gonna put that body on
and put the air conditioning
and the dash and everything,
incorporate it in here.
But I decided against that
and like you said, I
think I'm gonna try to,
one of these days,
just get it back together the way it is
and just drive the way it is--
- So it's got three on the column?
- Yeah, three on the tree
- And if you went through the
hydraulic brakes and stuff,
I bet you can make it a good car.
- Oh, yeah. Of course
you'll have to go through
all the brakes and all that and
- Yeah, this thing is
- And course the window.
I got the window in the back seat.
- Oh, no kidding.
- Yeah, it lying back here in the back.
I think these two windows
need to be replaced
but they're flat so
they'll be easy to cut.
- Alright. Whaddya got a '40?
- Yeah, over here I gotta
it's a '40 model--
- Pontiac?
- Pontiac
- Silver Streak Deluxe.
- So you're neighbor's
got a '40 Pontiac Coupe.
Aubrey.
- Yeah, that's a little hot rod style
and everything.
- Right.
- Actually, he still has the engine
and everything that this one does.
It's all locked up.
And I got it from him.
And this one,
the interior's all original.
There some tore up stuff,
but the headliner's still in it.
The seats are still good.
- Oh yeah.
- Suicide doors.
Looks like cat's been in there. (laughs)
But the material and
everything is still just...
- 54 thousand miles.
- Still got the original
dash and everything.
The clock.
Got all the bezels and everything--
- So that's never been a hot rod?
- No.
- That's the original car.
- The way it sits is the
way it's gonna be rollin'.
Once I get it goin'.
I have a 350 engine and
all that I wanna put in it.
- On that chassis. Just
leave it the way it is.
- And just leave it the way it is.
Cause it's a stout chassis and all that.
The big engine was in it.
It'll handle a 350.
- This has been last on the road,
I guess, in 2009
- Yeah.
- That's a good selling point.
Apparently someone had it
going and
and of course I got everything to it.
All the plates and everything.
I have the original fuel tank in it, too.
Believe it or not
it's clear and free of rust.
It's pretty and shiny as you
can see on the inside of it.
I couldn't believe it.
This actually, this front end
is just sitting on this.
It's not bolted down.
The hood or anything.
- So this car was tan originally.
- Apparently, it was tan, yes.
And someone has redone it.
I did a little bit of work
to it on the back side.
Took the back bumper off of it.
Finished in the holes and everything on it
and all that
and to make it smooth.
I don't want any bumpers on 'em.
I think it takes away from the look of it.
- And finally you have a
- A friend of mine has
this stored out here.
It's a...
I can't tell you what year model it is.
I forgot.
But it has a V6 in it.
- That's a weird engine.
- Yup.
He's got it stored out here really.
Just to help him out
because he don't have any place to put it
and it's his grandpa's truck.
It's been in his family forever.
- Well, that's cool.
So nothing here's for sale.
These are all projects.
- No everything's for sale
(laughs)
- I sell, trade, horse
trade, whatever, barter.
- So someone might watch this
and wants to buy ones of these cars.
Give me a price on that.
- This one here is far as I understand
is probably the way it sits,
it's probably a five to
seven thousand dollar car.
- It's a '40 Pontiac.
- '40 Pontiac. Silver Streak Deluxe.
- So what do you want for that one?
Now that we know what you paid for it.
- I'd take any offer for right now
as far as I'm concerned.
Someone wanted to give me
five hundred bucks for it
I'd take it from 'em.
- And you got a title for that?
- Yeah. I got a clear title to it.
It's a New Mexico title but it is a title.
But I got clear titles
for all these vehicles.
- So it's a running
car. Five hundred bucks.
- Yeah.
- Shoo!
- It's crazy.
Wow. Can I drive it
back to North Carolina?
- Yeah.
(laughs)
Just jump in it and go.
But this is about all my junk I got.
- That's cool.
As far as cars
and chassis and stuff.
- You are the second person we've met
from Dennis yesterday, just
meeting him in the diner,
in the deli.
- Dennis's a great guy.
- Great guy.
He went home and went
through his phone book
and says yeah, this guy, this guy.
He starts sending me these names.
Thanks for seeing us
on Sunday afternoon, man.
- You bet.
- Thank you.
- No problem. Thank you.
- This is a blast.
This is Jeff Roland, guys.
Can you guide us around
and tell us what's going on here?
So did you build this?
- Yeah.
(engine rumbles)
- We've gotta see the helicopter.
Oh, that's huge.
I wanna buy this one.
What would you say?
25 hundred.
I like that one. That's pretty cool.
Okay, so where's this K-Code?
You have any idea?